Okay.
I don't know, maybe it's the difference between talk on ghost.
So I usually may have cart board, cardboard.
When I was a kid, I hated beets. I was naughty and I
usually a lot of kids in our family. I would um
And my parents couldn't notice everything. I would take a tiny bit of a beet and I'd smear it around on my plate.
So, it looked like I ate a lot.
But then one time we were at someone's house after I was an adult and they served
Borscht. I'm thinking oh no, now I have to eat these. But actually, it wasn't that bad.
But then after we went to Ukraine and we had Borscht,
I really started to like beets and now I love it. I like I drink beets
juice. I know. Yeah.
No.
No. You can learn to like anything. When I went to Japan...
the first time and I was staying at a homestay with a family.
And um they said, oh, do you like green tea? I said, oh, I love green tea, because I was thinking the kind that we have.
Like honey Oh, we have it at every meal so they gave me some when I drank
it was a really really bitter it was really bitter kind of green tea.
Really bitter. The Japanese one, just the regular...
Very bitter one and I thought oh
no, because now they think I like it and they thought I liked it so I was going to get it at every meal.
I ate with my whole family. But I didn't want to say, oh, this isn't the kind they like.
But literally by about a week, I started to really like it.
and I just really got to love that tea.
But the first time, I tried. Second time, I thought it was terrible.
But I thought, well, OK, I'm just going to put up with it.
It turned out that I liked it, and it's very healthy.
Yeah. Now how did you end up with a name like Larissa? because my, my um
Ukrainian girls, that was, that was a popular Russian name actually.
Of course they spell it in Cyrillic, right? but...
Very cool.
Oh, I like this one
Right.
Coz she had a feeling it was a boy when she was wrong uh...
Spouse.
That's your guess.
I've actually done half of it.
That's cool.
Okay.
Well, If you're in Tucson yourself and you take that south route, you end up in San Diego.
You come out, right?
Oh. That's the way we usually go. But then, Oh. Oh.
You could do what? Oh, okay.
So, so you came in 2013 and then you had to go back for how long?
And how long did you have this thing going on?
Oh, you look like three years you were looking for a way to come back.
So, how did you get back?